fix: do not create an empty data-set (#330)
FilOzone/dealbot: docs/checks/events-and-metrics.md

| <a id="ipfsRetrievalThroughputBps"></a>`ipfsRetrievalThroughputBps` | Data Storage, Retrieval | n/a | n/a | `(downloadedCarBytes / ipfsRetrievalLastByteMs) * 1000` | [`retrieval.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/retrieval/retrieval.service.ts) |
| <a id="dataStorageCheckMs"></a>`dataStorageCheckMs` | Data Storage | [`uploadToSpStart`](#uploadToSpStart) | [`ipfsRetrievalIntegrityChecked`](#ipfsRetrievalIntegrityChecked) | Duration of a Data Storage check | |
| <a id="retrievalCheckMs"></a>`retrievalCheckMs` | Retrieval | Retrieval check start | [`ipfsRetrievalIntegrityChecked`](#ipfsRetrievalIntegrityChecked) | Duration of a Retrieval check | |

> | <a id="dataSetCreationMs"></a>`dataSetCreationMs` | Data-Set Creation | Data-set creation upload start | Upload handler completion | Duration of one data-set creation upload with piece | [`deal.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/deal/deal.service.ts) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a id="dataSetCreationMs"></a>`dataSetCreationMs` | Data-Set Creation | Data-set creation uploadToSpStart | Data-set creation pieceConfirmed | Duration of one data-set creation with confirmed piece (all using `createDataSetWithPiece `) | [`deal.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/deal/deal.service.ts) |
```

A few things in this suggestion:
1. Drawing from the uploadToSpStart verbiage
2. Making clearer the end state.
3. Wanted to give clarity that we're doing the two-in-one call (createDataSetWithPiece).

| <a id="discoverabilityStatus"></a>`discoverabilityStatus` | Data Storage, Retrieval | [`ipniVerificationComplete`](#ipniVerificationComplete) | `success`, `failure.timedout`, `failure.other` from [Data Storage Sub-status meanings](./data-storage.md#sub-status-meanings). |  |
| <a id="ipfsRetrievalHttpResponseCode"></a>`ipfsRetrievalHttpResponseCode` | Data Storage, Retrieval | [`ipfsRetrievalLastByteReceived`](#ipfsRetrievalLastByteReceived) | `200`, `500`, `2xxSuccess`, `4xxClientError`, `5xxServerError`, `otherHttpStatusCodes`, `failure` | [`retrieval.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/retrieval/retrieval.service.ts) |
| <a id="retrievalStatus"></a>`retrievalStatus` | Data Storage, Retrieval | [`ipfsRetrievalIntegrityChecked`](#ipfsRetrievalIntegrityChecked) | `success`, `failure.timedout`, `failure.other` from [Data Storage Sub-status meanings](./data-storage.md#sub-status-meanings). |  |

> | <a id="dataSetCreationStatus"></a>`dataSetCreationStatus` | Data-Set Creation | On data-set creation completion | `pending`, `success`, `failure.timedout`, `failure.other` | [`deal.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/deal/deal.service.ts) |

Reviewer: I incorporated this in my suggetion.  I'll resolve this.

> | <a id="dataSetCreationOnchainEvent"></a>`dataSetCreationOnchainEvent` | Data-Set Creation | On each upload progress event | `pieceAdded`, `pieceConfirmed` | [`deal.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/deal/deal.service.ts) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a id="dataSetCreationStatus"></a>`dataSetCreationStatus` | Data-Set Creation | Not tied to an [event above](#event-list) but rather to data-set creation start (`pending`) and completion (`success`/`failure.*`) | `pending`, `success`, `failure.timedout`, `failure.other` | [`deal.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/deal/deal.service.ts) |
| <a id="dataSetCreationOnchainEvent"></a>`dataSetCreationOnchainEvent` | Data-Set Creation | Not tied to an [event above](#event-list) but rather to each upload progress event | `pieceAdded`, `pieceConfirmed` | [`deal.service.ts`](../../apps/backend/src/deal/deal.service.ts) |
```

Calling out that this isn't tied to events in the event list above.
